Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-02-13T15:28:23+08:00

====== 开机启动项 ======
创建日期 星期三 13 二月 2019

accounts-daemon.service   =                 enabled      =  
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service  =                     enabled      =  
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
console-setup.service                      enabled        
containerd.service                         enabled        
cron.service                               enabled        
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
docker.service                             enabled        
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
lm-sensors.service                         enabled        
miredo.service                             enabled        
ModemManager.service                      enabled        
mongodb.service                            enabled        
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
ondemand.service                           enabled        
postfix.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service      =                     enabled     =   
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
ssh.service                                enabled        
sshd.service                               enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
thermald.service                           enabled        
tor.service                                enabled        
tor@default.service                        enabled-runtime
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
unattended-upgrades.service                enabled        
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
whoopsie.service  =                         enabled       = 
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled   
